Update Service Mesh docs (#27231)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/network/servicemesh/ingress.rst

     - ``disabled``

Additionally, cloud-provider specific annotations for the LoadBalancer service
are supported.

By default, annotations with values beginning with:

* ``service.beta.kubernetes.io``
* ``service.kubernetes.io``
* ``cloud.google.com``

will be copied from an Ingress object to the generated LoadBalancer service objects.

> This setting is controlled by the ``ingress-lb-annotation-prefixes`` config item
> for Cilium's operator, and can be configured in Cilium's Helm ``values.yaml``

Reviewer: Small nit on wording for clarity.

```suggestion
This setting is controlled by the Cilium Operator's ``ingress-lb-annotation-prefixes``
config flag, and can be configured in Cilium's Helm ``values.yaml``
```
